if you make a world champion but first
things and I have to go and buy some
turtles alibi I said to the kids -
leaving the house this morning I was
gonna bring back the title and they
thought I said turtle so yeah so that's
why I don't want to let him down but if
I could bring home the title and a
turtle they sure would be if you married
my daughter would you support her in the
way that she deserves to be supported
yes would you be honest and faithful to
her
yes will you devote yourself entirely to
her for the rest of your life
of course Gaylord Focker
you be my son-in-law
hey Dad
we wouldn't have a catch
I'd like that
I'm gonna be a grandpa you happy about
that absolutely delighted no this is not
a disaster is an earthquake is a
disaster
your grandmother having Alzheimer's so
badge doesn't even know who the I am
that's a disaster this is a good thing
this is a blessing
hey daddy
what's the matter honey you don't feel
so good you feel like you want to throw
up okay why are you just standing there
waiting for our head to spin around but
we're family of late bloomers I didn't
until I was 14
nor did olive why does that matter I'm
adopted what oh my god who told you guys
we were gonna do this at the right time
listen to me sometimes even when a man
and a woman love each other very much
like your mother and I used to their
insides just don't cooperate with each
other don't ever let somebody tell you
you can't do something
not even me
all right
you got a dream
you got to protect it
people can't do something themselves
they want to tell you you can do it
you want something go get it period
Oh Jim you're here I was just walking by
your your room and and you know I was
thinking oh boy it's been a long time
since we've had a little father-son chat
oh I almost forgot
I bought some magazines do you want to
just flip to the center section well
this is the this is the female form and
they have focused on the breasts which
are used primarily to feed young infants
when I was five
so this ferret comes into my room and
I'm like yeah right you're a fairy she
pulls out this invisible cloak which was
tied around my neck and she tells me
that it's impenetrable you know what a
pencil lines means that nothing could do
it no bullets nothing when she told me
that I was supposed to give it to my
daughter on her fifth birthday and I
forgot she sugar you know feeling yes
pretty cool huh if you want I can take
it off and tie your ID insulting if she
told me how to do it I mistake a stupid
so what do you think you wanted